Updated Docs for Permission System (#4674)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/users.md

## Access Rights / Roles

The webKnossos permissions system is designed to 1) control read/write access to datasets and 2) limit access to certain administration functionalities.

There are four different roles for webKnossos users divided into global, organization-wide roles and team-based permissions:

**On a per team basis:**

  - __Member:__ A regular wK user account. Members are only able to access datasets of their respective teams and can create annotations for those. Further, the can work on tasks created by their `Team Manager` or an `Admin`. They are only able to access their annotations.

  - __Team Manager:__ Manage a specific team. Team Managers can administrate and create [Tasks, Task Types, and Projects](./tasks.md) belonging to their respective teams. They also can activate newly registered users and assign/remove new users to theirs teams. Team managers can access all annotations belonging to users of their respective teams. Similarly to regular `Members`, they are only able to access datasets of their respective teams and can create annotations for those. 

**On an organizational level:** 

>   - __Admin:__ Manage a whole organization including full access to all datasets, teams, and projects. Admins can access all administrative settings - similiar to `Team Managers` but for all teams - and have full control over all dataset - similar to `Dataset Managers`. They can award admin permissions to other users by using the `Grant Admin Rights` button at the top of the user list. Admins can access all annotations, datasets, projects, tasks, etc belonging to their respective organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - __Admin:__ Manage a whole organization including full access to all datasets, teams, and projects. Admins can access all administrative settings - similiar to `Team Managers` but for all teams - and have full control over all dataset - similar to `Dataset Managers`. They can promote other users to admin or to `Dataset Manager` by using the `Edit Teams and Permissions` modal at the top of the user list. Admins can access all annotations, datasets, projects, tasks, etc belonging to their respective organization.
```

  - __Dataset Manager:__ Manage all datasets of an organization. Dataset Managers have full read/wrote access to all datasets within their respective organizations regardless of if a dataset is only been made available to a certain team. Use this role for power users who regularly upload datasets or who need access to all datasets regardless of who created them.
  Unlike `Admins`, Dataset Managers do NOT have access to any of the administration interfaces for users, tasks, and projects.
  

Only *Admins* and *Team Managers* can see/access the `Admin` menu options in the navigation bar.

> By default, each newly uploaded dataset can only be accessed by `Admins`, `Dataset Managers`, and members of the organization team. Add or remove more teams to a dataset for fine-grained access controls. For more information dataset and access rights, [see the dataset guide](./sharing.md#general)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each newly uploaded dataset can only be accessed by `Admins` and `Dataset Managers`. Add or remove more teams to a dataset for fine-grained access controls. `Team Managers` can also upload datasets via the UI and assign teams during this step. For more information regarding dataset and access rights, [see the dataset guide](./sharing.md#general)
```
